Document the difference between host and system metrics (#324)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/system/system-metrics.md

conventions](/docs/general/metrics.md#general-metric-semantic-conventions) when creating
instruments not explicitly defined in the specification.

> Note that `system.*` namespace should only be used for hosts' metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `system.*` namespace should be exclusively used to report hosts' metrics.
```

For resource attributes related to a host the `host.*` namespace should be used.

> The `system.*` namespace for metrics should be used only when the metrics are collected from within the target system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `system.*` namespace should only be used when the metrics are collected from within the target system.
```
Can we maybe mention on example for "target system"? It might not be clear for everyone. 

Also: I would move this whole section below the initial paragrah "Note that `system.*`.. and leave the "resource attribute" part to the last.

> For metrics collected centrally which are related to known entities like containers the respective namespace should be used.

Reviewer: What does "collected centrally" here means? 🤔 Does this mean like:

> For metrics collected directly from known entities (e.g., containers), the metrics should be reported in the entity's respective namespace (`container.*`).

Reviewer: Ah I see. I think then the text would be clearer if we mention this somehow like:

> Metrics collected from technology-specific, well-defined APIs (e.g. Kubelet's API, container runtimes?)
> should be reported under their respective namespace (e.g. `k8s.`, `container.*`)

Maybe? It's just a draft, I didn't check if we do have those namespaces or if they make sense, just as an idea for you.

Author: That makes sense! Thanks for the suggestions!
I also verify that on collector's side the metrics follow this approach:
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver/documentation.md
- https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/dockerstatsreceiver/documentation.md

conventions](/docs/general/metrics.md#general-metric-semantic-conventions) when creating
instruments not explicitly defined in the specification.

The `system.*` namespace SHOULD be exclusively used to report hosts' metrics.
The `system.*` namespace SHOULD only be used when the metrics are collected from within the target system. (physical servers, virtual machines etc).
Metrics collected from technology-specific, well-defined APIs (e.g. Kubelet's API or container runtimes)
should be reported under their respective namespace (e.g. k8s.*, container.*).

> For resource attributes related to a host the `host.*` namespace should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For resource attributes related to a host, the `host.*` namespace SHOULD be used.
```
to be consistent with SHOULD as above, OR

```suggestion
For resource attributes related to a host, use the `host.*` namespace.
````

To not have a should in the sentence.
